Update the table of the resource ID combination for register_listener. (#210)
eclipse-uprotocol/up-spec: up-l1/README.adoc

|===
| source `resource_id` | sink `resource_id` | Publish | Notification | Request | Response | Use Case

| [8000-FFFE] |   None   |    V    |              |         |         | A uE listens for a specific published message
| [8000-FFFE] |     0    |         |      V       |         |         | A uE listens for a specific notification message
|      0      | [1-7FFF] |         |              |    V    |         | A uE listens for a specific request
|   [1-7FFF]  |     0    |         |              |         |    V    | A uE listens for a specific response

> |     FFFF    |   None   |    V    |              |         |         | A uE listens for all published messages

Reviewer: Don't think this is valid to listen to all published messages, that would mean everything is sent to the uE

Author: So we don't need this in uStreamer case? If not, I will remove this.
Tag @PLeVasseur for more comments

Reviewer: Not for publish no.

Reviewer 2: Hi @evshary -- sorry I missed this. It's true. We do not listen for all Publish messages.

We have to use the uSubscription's notification of which topics should be forwarded out / listened for in order to select them one-by-one by a specific topic UUri.

This is because there is no destination, so if we listened for (and forwarded) all Publish messages, we could find all devices getting flooded by messages they did have an subscribing uEs on.

Author: Thanks for both of your feedback. I removed it.

> |     FFFF    | [1-7FFF] |         |              |    V    |         | A uE listens for all requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     FFFF    | [1-7FFF] |         |              |    V    |         | A uE listens for a specific request of 1-7FFF
```

Author: Done

|===
| Message Type | Possible resource_id combinations {src_resource_id, sink_resource_id}

> | Publish      | {[8000-FFFE], None}, {FFFF, None}

Reviewer: No, we do not listen for all published events. This cannot be supported

Author: Removed

| Notification | {[8000-FFFE], 0}, {FFFF, 0}, {FFFF, FFFF}

> | Request      | {0, [1-7FFF]}, {FFFF, [1-7FFF]}, {FFFF, FFFF}

Reviewer: I think the {ANY, ANY} for request is not valid

Author: I thought this was also used in ustreamer. @PLeVasseur would you mind helping us double check?

Reviewer 2: This line is not used in the uStreamer.

We don't care what the resource IDs are for either the sink or source on Request/Response/Notification messages are when we are routing them through.

So that means the really important line for the uStreamer is that last line:
> uStreamer listens for all notifications, requests, and responses

See where we add a "forwarding listener" [here](https://github.com/eclipse-uprotocol/up-streamer-rust/blob/d4ab17fbc745705290e29e5251fa8e9fcbffe943/up-streamer/src/ustreamer.rs#L158-L159) and then the definitions of these functions [here](https://github.com/eclipse-uprotocol/up-streamer-rust/blob/d4ab17fbc745705290e29e5251fa8e9fcbffe943/up-streamer/src/ustreamer.rs#L31-L49).

Author: If I understand correctly, then we still need `{ANY, ANY}` in the uStreamer case, right?

Reviewer 2: We need `{ANY, ANY}` for being able to get all notification, request, and response. We don't have a need to get specifically only Requests with `{ANY, ANY}`.

Author: oh, let me make it clear. The table here is the reorganized one from the table above. That means if we have `{ANY, ANY}`, the indicated message type will be notification, request and response.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8fbcdf8d-78f4-4996-ab1f-67f7b29a6d03)

Therefore in this case, we should get the request if the combination of resource ID is `{ANY, ANY}`. I guess the table might be a little hard to understand. Feel free to suggest a better form (I don't have a better idea...)

Reviewer 2: Ah okay, I understand what you mean now.

So yes -- source and sink UUri filters for resource IDs of {FFFF, FFFF} could mean any of Notification, Request, or Response.
